Did I come at a bad time?
big brother
Yeah.
Big brother came at a bad time
Are you kind to see me too?
It's a pity that I have been in Rakshasa for so many years
I've never even seen a herb that restores my cultivation
Only some elixir for internal injuries remains
You can drink it when it's done.
Doctor in Rakshasa Kingdom Large-scale reverse extraction
Nature doesn't allow opposition.
Harvesting spirit grass is also expected
It's just that
I don't know when my cultivation will come back
Watching you hurt for me
I'm really sorry.
Brother, we are brothers
Still care about this
I believe that if you reach out
You would have made the same choice
Of course.
We are brothers who grew up together and are right
If you are in trouble
I will do my best to help you.
So you still care about this?
Oh, be happy.
Soon we can go back
I'm going to die soon.
You and I have no mana
Don't worry, the boat will naturally go straight to the bridge.
Take it one step at a time.
I've heard it said before
This wine has no seal and it's not incomprehensible
Well you have a way
From the pure evil of Yuanying
My brother
You said it, but you didn't say it.
My brother has practiced for a hundred years
When did I ever marry a wife?
It's better to be willing
Who?